Journal of Physics: Conference Series
 
 (2023) 012063
IOP Publishing
doi:10.1088/1742-6596/2580/1/012063
commonly used in microstrip patch antenna: coaxial feed, microstrip line feed, and aperture-coupled 
feed. Considering several benefits of microstrip patch antennas, such as adaptable surfaces, small in size, 
compatibility with integrated circuit technology and simplicity of manufacture, there has been extensive 
research on how to improve antenna performance. And from 1980 to 2010, microstrip patch antennas 
were widely used in military and commercial applications [5-7]. After 2010, development within 
wireless communication technology leads to changes from traditional antennas to microstrip patch 
antenna for its compact size.
Antenna research has taken a huge leap forward in the last five years. Microstrip patch antennas have 
been used in wireless wearable products, military equipment, and cell phones. Microstrip patch antennas 
have many advantages and outstanding results far surpass conventional antennas. Because they are 
lightweight, foldable, simple to make, operate at numerous frequencies, and compact, microstrip patch 
antennas have largely supplanted all conventional antennas in wireless applications [8].
For this reason, microstrip patch antenna has been put into engineering applications in many fields, 
including biomedicine, radar communication, 5G mobile communication, etc. An important area of 
research in biomedical applications is the design of narrowband antennas for wearable devices. A 
microstrip patch antenna based on the defective ground structure was proposed in 2019 that can be used 
for narrowband applications. It has excellent performance, low cost, lightweight, and easy fabrication 
hold promise for biomedical WLAN applications [9-11]. For another field, radar communication, a two-
layer electromagnetic coupling with minimum return loss and microstrip line embedding rectangular 
patch antenna is investigated for wireless devices. The antenna has a compact size, excellent return loss, 
and radiation pattern performance, which enables patch antenna array configuration by creating cutouts 
in the ground, making it usable for various communication devices, especially in the radar field [12]. 
The sensing parameter estimation algorithm can be further developed to match the multibeam 
framework well, based on the conventional digital Fourier transform and one-dimensional compressed 
sensing techniques [13][14]. Mobile communication is in demand as mobile users multiply quickly. 
Mobile users require more features, including faster data rates, effective communication, less traffic, 
ease of use of different applications, etc. Service providers must meet mobile users’ demands, and 5G 
technology can help. A high-frequency range with a wide bandwidth can be provided using 5G in the 
millimeter wave band. More specifically, There is a great demand for uninterrupted high-stream online 
education worldwide, especially in developing countries, and this application scenario has high data rate 
and bandwidth requirements. A microstrip patch antenna operating in the 5G millimeter wave band can 
meet user needs at the level of high-quality online education and other application scenarios [15-17].
This paper proposes a microstrip patch antenna in 5G mobile communications. Implementing beam-
shaping and beam-steering makes the antenna a directional antenna with a radiating angle of 120°. In 
theoretical analysis, this paper first illustrates the geometry parameters of the antenna. It explains how 
these parameters are calculated considering electromagnetic wave theory, which tries to prove that the 
antenna’s performance (reflection coefficient, gain, radiation pattern) is good. Then introduce the way 
of feeding – inset feed, which also includes how to make impedance matching meet the requirement 
within the operating frequency band. This part tries to improve that only by making the antenna’s input 
impedance match the transmission line’s reference impedance can the antenna radiates most power into 
outer space instead of reflecting them. Nowadays, with the development of several technologies, 
microstrip patch antenna applications are used widely, including medical applications, radar applications, 
radar frequency identification, global positioning system applications, satellite and communication 
applications, Bluetooth applications, and most importantly, 5G communication applications.
2