2580
IOP Publishing
𝑘𝑚𝑛𝑐
2𝜋√𝜀𝑟 
(2)
𝑓𝑚𝑛=
where 𝑓𝑚𝑛 is the antenna’s operating frequency on TMmn mode, 𝜀𝑟 is the relative dielectric constant, 
𝑐 is the speed of light in free space. From equation (1-2), we can derive equation (3), which gives us the 
patch width on TM10 mode.
𝑐
2𝑊𝑝𝑎𝑡√𝜀𝑟 
(3)
𝑓𝑚𝑛=
𝑊𝑝𝑎𝑡: 𝐿𝑝𝑎𝑡 affects the cross-polarization level. When 𝑊𝑝𝑎𝑡: 𝐿𝑝𝑎𝑡= 1.5: 1, or roughly 21 dB below the 
co-polarized field, the cross-polarization is the least when applied to a patch feed at the edge. More 
extensive tests demonstrate that the cross-polarized to co-polarized ratios vary on substrate 
thickness, resonance frequencies and feed position. From equation (4), we can calculate the width and 
length of the patch.
𝑊𝑝𝑎𝑡: 𝐿𝑝𝑎𝑡= 1.5:1 
(4)
where 𝑊𝑝𝑎𝑡 is the patch width, 𝐿𝑝𝑎𝑡 is the patch length.
Equation (5) can be used to determine the effective permittivity and height of the substrate 
given operating frequency, relative dielectric constant, width, and patch length.
−1
(𝜀𝑟+1)
(𝜀𝑟−1)
10ℎ
𝐿𝑝𝑎𝑡]
2 
(5)
𝜀𝑒𝑓𝑓=
2
[1 +
2
Where 𝜀𝑟 is the relative dielectric constant, 𝐿𝑝𝑎𝑡 is the length of patch, ℎ is height of the substrate.
𝑐
𝑊𝑝𝑎𝑡(𝑊𝑝𝑎𝑡+ℎ)√𝜀𝑒𝑓𝑓 
(6)
𝑓𝑟=
where 𝑊𝑝𝑎𝑡 is width of the patch, 𝑓𝑟 is operating frequency of the antenna.
What should be considered is how to feed the antenna. Generally, there are three ways to feed the 
antenna, microstrip line feed, coaxial cable feed, and electromagnetic coupling feed. Here we use 
microstrip line feeding as the feeding method. For the patch antenna and microstrip line, we want both 
of them to be coplanar, so that photo etching can be easily done for them. Meanwhile, as the feeding 
line also radiates power towards the outside, interfering with the antenna’s radiation pattern, the 
microstrip line’s width is limited. The microstrip line’s limitation is that the microstrip line’s width must 
be much less than the wavelength. More specifically, six methods are commonly used in microstrip 
patch antenna, edge feed, inset feed, quarter-wave transformer, coaxial cable feed, electromagnetic feed, 
and diameter feed. Here we use inset feed as it will be easy to do impedance matching using this feeding 
method.
Impedance match is one of the most important parts when designing the antenna. It can influence the 
load’s power and suppress the signal’s reflection by matching the transmission line’s impedance 
with load’s impedance. Assuming the power source is determined, the load’s power will be determined 
by the impedance match between the transmission line and load. The reactance led by the capacitor and 
inductor can be ignored for idealized pure resistance circuits or low-frequency circuits. The most 
impedance of the circuit comes from resistance.
𝑈
𝑅+𝑟 
(7)
𝐼=
where 𝑅 is load resistance, 𝑟 is resistance of other circuit parts.
𝑃= 𝐼∗𝐼∗𝑅 
(8)
4