IOP Publishing
doi:10.1088/1742-6596/2580/1/012063
From equations (7-8), it can be derived that the maximum value can be obtained when R equals r. As 
the photoconduction property of water and light is different, the light will be reflected when the light 
hits water from the air. Similarly, if the reference impedance changes significantly during the 
transmission of the signal, it will also be reflected. Low-frequency signals have wavelengths 
significantly greater than the transmission line’s length since the relationship between wavelength and 
frequency is inverse, making it unnecessary to consider signal reflection in this situation. However, 
when it comes to high frequency, when the signal’s wavelength and the transmission line length are 
almost in the same order, the reflected signal will commonly be an alias with the original signal, 
influencing the signal quality. By implementing an impedance match, the reflection of the high-
frequency signal can be effectively decreased. Generally, there are two ways to make an impedance 
match, lumped-circuit matching and adjusting the transmission line. Lumped-circuit matching is 
achieved via different serial or parallel connections of capacitors, inductors, and load to make the input 
impedance match reference impedance. Here we use another way, as shown in Figure 2 , adjusting the 
transmission line to match the reference impedance.
Figure 2. The schematic diagram of inset feeding
As using edge feed always brings large input impedance, altering the feeding position to the antenna’s 
center can be better for the current at both ends is generally low but relatively higher towards the center. 
This way, we can effectively decrease the input impedance and make it easier to match impedance.
3.  Results and discussions 
With the use of Computer Simulation Technology Microwave Studio, the antenna was modeled and 
simulated. From Figure 3 (a), the Input side and signal passed through to the output side of the DUT can 
be measured by VNA. The VNA receiver detects the generated signal and compares the known signal 
with it. In this way, there’re 4 coefficients obtained from VNA. The reflection coefficient represents the 
input reflection coefficient, as shown in equation (9). The reflection coefficient is the signal applied to 
Port 1 with Port 2 terminated in 50Ω. It represents the amount of power that is reflected instead of 
radiating to outer space. For an antenna, the smaller its reflection coefficient, the better performance it 
will get. For the reflection coefficient, -10 dB is the threshold of acceptance. Figure 3 (b) shows that the 
antenna has the smallest reflection coefficient of -24 dB at 28 GHz. The entire curve declines rapidly at 
about 27.6 GHz and reaches its peak at 28 GHz, then increases fast with the frequency rise. Generally, 
the frequency band corresponding to half of the reflection coefficient’s peak can be considered the 
antenna’s bandwidth. The tags within the reflection coefficient’s figure show that the bandwidth’s upper 
limit is 27.864 GHz, and the lower limit of the bandwidth is 28.14 GHz, giving us a bandwidth of 280 
MHz. In order to get a better reflection coefficient, we have to make the antenna’s input impedance
5